Docs 860 part2: persistant queues (#883)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-config.rst

      This setting corresponds to the
      :envvar:`MINIO_LOGGER_WEBHOOK_PROXY` environment variable.

   .. mc-conf:: queue_dir

      .. versionadded:: RELEASE.2023-05-18T00-05-36Z

      *Optional*

>       Specify the directory path to enable MinIO's persistent event store for undelivered messages, such as ``/home/events``.

Reviewer: I wonder if a user would read 'such as...' as being related to the message itself. Maybe

```suggestion
Specify the directory path, such as ``/opt/minio/events``, to enable MinIO's persistent event store for undelivered messages.
```

Also suggest ``/opt/minio`` or something similar. ``/home`` might not work since we usually run as a system service.

We might need to add a line "The MinIO process must have read/write/list access on the specified directory" since not everyone thinks about permissions.

Author: If `home/events` is a bad choice, should the other instances of that get updated also? I got that text from a similar queue path setting.

Author: Added your reword manually 👍🏻

Author: Also replaced other occurrences of `/home/events`

      MinIO stores undelivered events in the specified store while the webhook service is offline and replays the stored events when connectivity resumes.

      This setting corresponds to the
      :envvar:`MINIO_LOGGER_WEBHOOK_QUEUE_DIR` environment variable.

   .. mc-conf:: queue_size

      *Optional*

      An integer value to use for the queue size for logger webhook targets.
      The default is ``100000`` events.

>       Requires specifying :mc-conf:`~logger_webhook.queue_dir`.

Author: This is a guess: does `queue_dir` require setting `queue_size`?

Reviewer: Since the default is ``100000`` my guess is *no*, we'll just use the default.

      Requires specifying :mc-conf:`~audit_webhook.client_cert`.

      This setting corresponds to the :envvar:`MINIO_AUDIT_WEBHOOK_CLIENT_KEY` environment variable.

>    .. mc-conf:: queue_dir

Author: I don't see a `MINIO_AUDIT_WEBHOOK_QUEUE_SIZE`, I'm confused that you can set a path but not the size of the queue to write there.

Reviewer: https://github.com/minio/minio/blob/master/internal/logger/config.go#L73-L79

Looks like it's in the code, but we missed it in the actual docs - which...happens. You can add it if you want in this run.

      .. versionadded:: RELEASE.2023-05-18T00-05-36Z

      *Optional*

      Specify the directory path to enable MinIO's persistent event store for undelivered messages, such as ``/home/events``.

      MinIO stores undelivered events in the specified store while the webhook service is offline and replays the stored events when connectivity resumes.

      This setting corresponds to the :envvar:`MINIO_AUDIT_WEBHOOK_QUEUE_DIR` environment variable.

>    .. mc-conf:: kafka_queue_dir

Author: I made up this name because I don't know what the corresponding command is for `MINIO_AUDIT_KAFKA_QUEUE_DIR`

Answer TBD

Reviewer: ```
mc admin config get play audit_kafka                                                                       ✔  docs   system   
audit_kafka enable=off topic= brokers= sasl_username= sasl_password= sasl_mechanism=plain client_tls_cert= client_tls_key= tls_client_auth=0 sasl=off tls=off tls_skip_verify=off version= queue_size=100000 queue_dir=
```

There are ways to find this in code too, but this is far easier. 

So this actually needs the root `.. mc-conf:: audit_kafka` key first.

I think I didn't get around to documenting the kafka stuff - we can drop that for now and create a new issue for kafka audit, which I'll take responsibility for - just to unblock this.

Author: Here's the new issue
https://github.com/minio/docs/issues/886

Let's discuss next week. If I sufficiently understand what is needed, no reason for you to take this on.

      .. versionadded:: RELEASE.2023-05-18T00-05-36Z

      *Optional*

      Specify the directory path to enable MinIO's persistent event store for undelivered messages, such as ``/home/events``.

      MinIO stores undelivered events in the specified store while the Kafka service is offline and replays the stored events when connectivity resumes.

      This setting corresponds to the :envvar:`MINIO_AUDIT_KAFKA_QUEUE_DIR` environment variable.

>    .. mc-conf:: kafka_queue_size

Author: I made up this name because I don't know what the corresponding command is for `MINIO_AUDIT_KAFKA_QUEUE_SIZE`

Answer TBD

Author: On hold, see https://github.com/minio/docs/issues/886
